#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
ansible==8.4.0
    # via ansible-risk-insight
ansible-anonymizer==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ansible-compat==4.1.10
    # via ansible-lint
ansible-core==2.15.4
    # via
    #   ansible
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
ansible-lint==6.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ansible-risk-insight==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
argparse==1.4.0
    # via uwsgi-readiness-check
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==2.2.1
    # via segment-analytics-python
black==23.9.1
    # via ansible-lint
boto3==1.28.58
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.31.58
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bracex==2.4
    # via wcmatch
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   launchdarkly-server-sdk
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pygit2
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   nltk
cmake==3.27.6
    # via triton
cryptography==41.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ansible-core
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyopenssl
    #   social-auth-core
datasets==2.14.5
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via jwcrypto
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via django-import-export
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
django==4.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allow-cidr
    #   django-csp
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-allow-cidr==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-csp==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oauth-toolkit==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-prometheus==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
drf-spectacular==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via python-jose
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==2.0.0
    # via stack-data
expiringdict==1.2.2
    # via launchdarkly-server-sdk
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   ansible-risk-insight
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.6.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via ansible-risk-insight
grpcio==1.54.2
    # via -r requirements.in
huggingface-hub==0.17.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==5.0.7
    # via ansible-core
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
ipython==8.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   ansible-risk-insight
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpickle==3.0.2
    # via ansible-risk-insight
jsonschema==4.19.1
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.0
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
launchdarkly-server-sdk==8.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
levenshtein==0.22.0
    # via ansible-risk-insight
lit==17.0.1
    # via triton
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
monotonic==1.6
    # via segment-analytics-python
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via datasets
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via sentence-transformers
numpy==1.26.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11==11.7.101
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu11==10.9.0.58
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu11==10.2.10.91
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu11==11.4.0.1
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu11==11.7.4.91
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu11==2.14.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu11==11.7.91
    # via torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via tablib
opensearch-py==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   black
    #   datasets
    #   django-allow-cidr
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pandas==2.1.1
    # via datasets
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   black
    #   yamllint
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via black
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via django-prometheus
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg[binary]==3.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-binary==3.1.8
    # via psycopg
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==13.0.0
    # via datasets
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pygit2==1.13.1
    # via ansible-risk-insight
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via social-auth-core
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrfc3339==1.1
    # via launchdarkly-server-sdk
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   opensearch-py
    #   pandas
    #   segment-analytics-python
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via social-auth-core
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
    #   pyrfc3339
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   ansible-risk-insight
    #   datasets
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tablib
    #   transformers
    #   yamllint
rapidfuzz==3.3.1
    # via levenshtein
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.8.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ansible-lint
    #   ansible-risk-insight
    #   datasets
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   social-auth-core
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   uwsgi-readiness-check
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via social-auth-core
resolvelib==1.0.1
    # via ansible-core
rich==13.6.0
    # via ansible-lint
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
ruamel-yaml==0.17.33
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   ansible-risk-insight
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.7.0
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.3.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.3.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
segment-analytics-python==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
semver==3.0.1
    # via launchdarkly-server-sdk
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via sentence-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   ecdsa
    #   opensearch-py
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via
    #   ansible-risk-insight
    #   gitdb
social-auth-app-django @ https://github.com/python-social-auth/social-app-django/archive/2415e073f52d50af53beb02f5e7f557c8e690371.tar.gz
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core[openidconnect]==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
subprocess-tee==0.4.1
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.5.0
    # via django-import-export
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via ansible-risk-insight
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via black
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   triton
torchvision==0.15.2
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.11.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==2.0.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   asgiref
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.17
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   launchdarkly-server-sdk
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
uwsgi==2.0.22
    # via -r requirements.in
uwsgi-readiness-check==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcmatch==8.5
    # via ansible-lint
wcwidth==0.2.8
    # via prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.41.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   nvidia-curand-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu11
    #   nvidia-nvtx-cu11
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
xxhash==3.3.0
    # via datasets
yamllint==1.32.0
    # via ansible-lint
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
